Docsp 8721 mongoose vs driver pg (#717)
mongodb/docs-node: source/faq.txt

the :ref:`Connection Troubleshooting Guide <node-connection-troubleshooting>`
for possible solutions.

> What is the difference between the Node.js Driver and Mongoose?

Reviewer: S: capitalize correctly

---------------------------------------------------------------

The MongoDB Node.js official driver is a library of functions used to
connect to and communicate with MongoDB. 

> Mongoose is a popular Node.js-based third-party Object Data Modeling

Reviewer 2: > Object-Data Modeling

Object-Document Mapper

> The MongoDB Node.js official driver is a library of functions used to
> connect to and communicate with MongoDB. 
> 
> Mongoose is a popular Node.js-based third-party Object Data Modeling
> (ODM) library for MongoDB. Mongoose allows developers to enforce a
> specific schema at the application layer, meaning MongoDB does not
> interact with the schema set with Mongoose. The {+driver-long+} instead
> directly interacts with MongoDB when setting schemas, and is flexible on
> the model and schema of documents.

Reviewer: S: simplify this answer, as the information is in the linked page.
```suggestion
The {+driver-long+} is the officially maintained Node.js driver for MongoDB.
Mongoose is a community-developed Object-Document Mapper (ODM) library that is built on top of the {+driver-short+}.
```

> For more information, visit the :ref:`Differences between Node.js Driver and
> Mongoose <node-driver-vs-mongoose>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, see :ref:`node-driver-vs-mongoose`.
```

the :ref:`Connection Troubleshooting Guide <node-connection-troubleshooting>`
for possible solutions.

What is the difference between the Node.js Driver and Mongoose?
---------------------------------------------------------------

The MongoDB Node.js driver is the officially developed, supported, and maintained

> MongoDB driver for Node.js. The Node.js driver is a library of functions

Reviewer 3: I think delete this second sentence to shorten.

that you can use to connect to and communicate with MongoDB.

Mongoose is a popular Node.js-based third-party Object Data Modeling
(ODM) library for MongoDB. The problem that Mongoose aims to solve is
allowing developers to enforce a specific schema at the application
layer. In addition to enforcing a schema, Mongoose also offers a variety
of hooks, model validation, and other features aimed at making it easier

> to work with MongoDB. 

Reviewer 3: Delete from "The problem..." to the end of the paragraph. There should be one comparison sentence here about the key difference.
